cut off from their homes this has become
a makeshift home for some Palestinians
from the Gaza Strip it was a local
government building designed for sports
and arts it's now a camp for displaced
people there isn't a person here whose
family hasn't been touched by this
war my brothers and cousins called me
and told me my son was injured a few
hours later they called again and told
me he was killed I want to go see him
his mother is in Egypt for medical
treatment she's stuck there and I'm
stuck here he will be buried and I won't
see him my other two children are
Sheltering in schools
alone others tell us they have lost
multiple members of their families most
don't know if they'll have a home to
return
to these men were employed under an
agreement Israel made with the Gaza
labor Ministry which allowed a set
number of people to work in Israel it
was a good deal for Israel businesses
got cheap labor and could circumvent
labor laws the Israeli government could
say it was doing something to help Gaza
but on Saturday in employers acting on
Israeli police instructions were told to
take them to checkpoints at the occupied
West Bank before that happened we are
told some were interrogated and
assaulted by the Israeli Security
Services a claim we cannot confirm the
influx has taken the Palestinian
authorities by surprise and they
woefully unprepared we need to maintain
the health Factor very importantly in
this location we are talking about as we
speak 550 this number might just rise to
a 700 or maybe a thousand because people
are keep they are keeping pouring once
they are discovered inside Israel handed
over to the Israeli military and they
they are just simply left after being
beaten and humilated on the checkpoints
to find their way to this to this
shelters everyone here is watching the
news on their mobile phones but unlike
urri they're not watching for the news
they're watching their homes being
destroyed in real time they can't get
home and there's nothing they can do
about it Imran Khan Al jazer
R make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jaaz